Spring 2021 Updates (#156)
UMM-CSci-3601/3601-lab2_client-server: README.md

Like in previous labs, click "Install All" to automatically install them.

### JSONView browser extension

If you use Chrome, you may find it helpful to install the [JSONView][jsonview-chrome] extension.
This will make JSON in the browser look pretty and actually be readable when you visit the different API endpoints.

> Firefox has this functionality built in so there is no need to install an extension.

Author: I think its good but I wouldn't have it in parentheses. 
```suggestion
If you use Firefox, this functionality is built-in, so there is no need to install an extension.
```

The server-side portion of this project will be tested using JUnit.
Server-side tests are located in the `src/test/java` directory.

To run your server-side tests: while in the `server` directory, run:

```bash
./gradlew test
```

This will run all tests and output info about the run to a test report "website". To see the report open the file in your browser: 
```
server/build/reports/tests/test/index.html
```

It will look something like this:

![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/1300395/107262491-3cf57780-6a06-11eb-9e5b-68d4491cde47.png)

> These test reports are especially helpful when a test fails because you will get the full stacktrace there. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
These test reports are especially helpful when a test fails because you will get the full stack trace there. 
```

Looks like Stack Trace is also two words: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Stack_trace

> When a test fails you will get a notice in the terminal that there were failing tests along with a path to the report. You can copy that path into your browser to see the report.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When a test fails, you will get a notice in the terminal that there were failing tests along with a path to the report. You can copy that path into your browser to see the report.
```

./gradlew test jacocoTestReport
```

will run the tests followed by the test coverage report generator. This report is a "website" like the one from JUnit above. To see the report open the file in your browser:

> ```

Reviewer: Lol. Good catch! :-)

server/build/jacocoHtml/index.html
```

It will look something like this: 

> ![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/1300395/107262605-5c8ca000-6a06-11eb-9844-f7b5d1265eb2.png)

Reviewer: Thanks for adding screenshots.

Reviewer 2: Agreed.

[javalin-io]: https://javalin.io
[gradle]: https://gradle.org/

> [intellij-idea]: https://www.jetbrains.com/idea/

Reviewer 2: Nice job cleaning house here – we'd obviously let this go for quite a while! 😱
